Add back the Maven Resolver component (#1506)
ballerina-platform/ballerina-dev-website: learn/calling-java-code-from-ballerina.md

Generating dependency bindings for:
	org.yaml.snakeyaml.introspector.BeanAccess
	java.util.function.BiFunction
	org.yaml.snakeyaml.DumperOptions$FlowStyle
	...
	...
```

- The `-mvn` option specifies the Maven dependency of the Java library required to generate bindings.
- The `-o` option specifies the output directory in which the generated bindings are stored. In this case, the tool is instructed to store bindings inside the `yamlparser` module.
- The argument list specifies the Java class names. 

> The `bindgen` tool generate bindings for:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `bindgen` tool generates bindings for:
```

`(-cp|--classpath) <classpath>...`
This optional parameter could be used to specify one or more comma-delimited classpaths for retrieving the required Java libraries needed by the bindgen tool execution. The classpath could be provided as comma-separated paths of JAR files or as comma-separated paths of directories containing all the relevant Java libraries. If the Ballerina bindings are to be generated from a standard Java library, from a library available inside the Ballerina SDK, or from a platform library specified in the `Ballerina.toml`, then you need not specify the classpath explicitly.

`(-mvn|--maven) <groupId>:<artifactId>:<version>`

> This optional parameter could be used to specify a Maven dependency required for the generation of Ballerina bindings. Here, the specified library and its transitive dependencies will be resolved into the `target/platform-libs` directory of the project. If the tool is not executed inside a project or if the output path does not point to a project, the `target/platform-libs` directory structure will be created in the output path to store the Maven dependencies. The tool will also update the `Ballerina.toml` file with the platform libraries if the command is executed inside a Ballerina project.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This optional parameter could be used to specify a Maven dependency required for the generation of the Ballerina bindings. Here, the specified library and its transitive dependencies will be resolved into the `target/platform-libs` directory of the project. If the tool is not executed inside a project or if the output path does not point to a project, the `target/platform-libs` directory structure will be created in the output path to store the Maven dependencies. The tool will also update the `Ballerina.toml` file with the platform libraries if the command is executed inside a Ballerina project.
```

modules = ["<ballerina-module-1>","<ballerina-module-2>"]
```

> Alternatively, you can also specify Maven dependencies as platform specific libraries. These dependencies specified would then get resolved into the `target/platform-libs` directory when building the project. Here, is how you can specify a Maven dependency in the `Ballerina.toml`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Alternatively, you can also specify Maven dependencies as platform-specific libraries. These dependencies specified would then get resolved into the `target/platform-libs` directory when building the project. You can specify a Maven dependency in the `Ballerina.toml` file as shown below.
```
